QRadar mirroring fix (#23502)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_4_2.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Fixed an issue with mirroring failure with `Mirror Offense and Events` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where mirroring failed when using the `Mirror Offense and Events` option.
```
